0th August - 1
Proper convo in lab, one of my best days in life

28th August - 9
She and I spoke really well. I told Ana that she's my soulmate, When I left the class she and sabari were speaking. I didn't know it then but later when I'd be sleeping and thinking of her, I'll hear notification sounds, It'll be Ana calling out "ADITYAAAA ADITYAAA" she shared the news that what really happened that afternoon was that they broke up. Drawathy will be really sad and Ana told me to call her. I did, 5 times but she was out of network coverage. I should be feeling really happy but all I felt was sadness and fear. Sadness because of how broken she'll be right now and fear because now I actually have a real chance, I don't want to mess it up and I if I get committed I don't want to play in her life. She'll be my responsibility and I should take care of her very well. I hope things goes right. Somewhere inside me, I am really happy too

31th August - 12 
She cried infront of me. My poor dear girl held back her tears and smiled because I was around. My girl likes to keep everyone around her happy. She blinked and a tear fell, she's one of the strongest person I know

14 - I remembered that she was another tribe, baduga. this is the closest I got in getting my old panic attacks. I am still very scared. Without her I don't know what I'll become. Please hear me god. Ana asked her that if a boy truly truly loves you but he's from coimbatore, will you accept him. Her answer was a no, and she asked if he's ready to become a badaga, settling in Ooty and learning the language. She then said, we'll see.

16 - She sings today!! It was great, She's an angel!!! I asked her out for a movie and my sweetpie declined it. It hurt me alot but now I'm fine. She spoke with me before sleeping, First time I called her an Angel!!!!!

17 - She talked with him today, She was happy, she smiled. I hope that guy changes and becomes good for her sake. If this continues, Im scared. Ohhh if she comes with me, I'll keep her happy forever, why can't she just see that. I hate myself for all this. 

18 - I TOLD HERRRR THAT I HAVE A CRUSH. NISSI AND ANA MADEE ME, NISSIIIII I WILL KILL YOU. Through out the day, drawathy was different. I'll start from first. I asked sharon, why I have a 25% chance, he thinks after sabari, I'm next in line. Nissi wrote my name on her back in lab and she didn't tell anything. I told her I like her alot, she was shocked. I told her she's my whole world. She didn't really speak anything. Two staffs noted us from the back. I wanted to hold her hands and tell her, But she said there's camera. Ig that means she already knows what I was going to say. We couldn't talk much, She went left, dear nissi who's responsible for all this went right. Me and Sharon, just walked straight. Came to bus and started a wildfire, I told them everything. Monday it is then. Now I feel like I'll be alright with whatever answer I get.

19 - Waiting is killing me, I definitely won't be alright if I get a no. I'm expecting a no tho. I should've waited a bit more. I gave it away yesterday in a rush, but I feel very bad now. She needs time to heal and I suddenly confused her with all my feelings. I only told her I have a big crush on her, She doesn't really know how much I love her. Yesterday we had a perfect moment in lab. It was awesome. Today I felt a mix of fear, I feared she might accept me, and then She'll be my responsibility as I am hers. I have to be very cautious not to hurt her, but that was for the first half of the day, right now I fear I wont even get a chance at that responsibility. Life is scary, I found the one and she might slip away, how can anyone handle something like that. There's a chance I won't get any answers on Monday, she might go to the hospital. Hope that goes well too. 
[10:53] - I'm very scared she'll say no, all her chats feels that way. It's so selfish, I search gods only during these times and other times I act like they don't exist


20 - I can't do this documentary anymore, I think she hates me for doing this to her. We had a perfect moment yesterday, if she accepts, everyday can be awesome like that, I really hope that but It's killing me so bad. It'll be very hard to move on if she says no. Seeing her as a friend can be very difficult from now on too, what have I done

21 - I'm expecting a no, Ranjith also thinks a no. But I know she's my soulmate, and that I'll have a chance in the future. I'll wait patiently for my sweetheart, doesn't matter how many years it takes. I'll always love her, truly. 

[Assembly] She just stared at the ground and walked straight. ig she was blushing, maybe it was because of some joke her friends were saying. Whatever it is, she didn't look at me. just walked.

[First period] She's just sleeping there, Nissi and safik and sharon are telling me not to ask her, I have to let her come to me. This is very new to me. I won't force her. Thinking she might get mood off if I ask her for her answer. I'll wait then I guess. I waited and waited and I doozed off.

[Second period] No comments, she's different class 

[Third period] DSA, she sat infront of me, two desks front. I switched places to talk with her. I started talking about her IOT project, She turned to face me and she was blushing for sure, I smiled too, couldnt help it. We both knew what was going on, that at some point we'll have to talk about what happened but neither spoke about it, nissi slapped her forehead and said "what I'll do with these two" lmao. After our project convo we didn't speak for sometime, then I asked her "Would you like to say something?" she just smiled nervously and shook her head left to right and turned back. She started listening to songs. She leaned on Leah's shoulders, I wish it was on mine... Then they both spoke something, she wrote on the note and spoke, idk what it is. I don't know if she considers me as a boyfriend. we didn't talk again for another 30 mins or so. I asked sorry, this time she turned back to listen, I didn't laugh or blush and neither did she, She listened, I said "What I told you was not the problem, but the timing was very bad. You were already taking that decision and you also need to take care of your health, and now I confused you with all this, I'm sorry "She said what can we do. It'll take me a long time to come out from this shock" and I said "take your time".  Class got over and I took her earpods, I told her to ham cheese with me to get the earpods back. She still smiled but clearly something was bothering her, she looked let down. My girl smiles even then just to keep everyone happy. She was looking for someone, I think it's him, but I don't know. I gave her pods without any games and left for class. I tried to stand near her before but she kept distance. I think she still loves him and probably they're committed again, I don't want to mess up their relationship, I'll maintain my distance outdoors
 
[Fourth period] just sat near her and explained her iot project problems. Told her bye.

So long story short, idk and she dunno. Something in me tells she loves him a lot still, yeah ofc, and she's just too kind to reject me, she thinks it might break me up. idrk.

22 [10 Sep 2023] - I messed up. Big time, She's uncomfortable around me, she doesn't reply to my good morning texts with good morning. I think I should maintain some distance if they're committed again. I will. I hope I don't lose her as a friend. 
[After lab] poor nissi ran out crying, I'm back in talking terms with drawathy but I think I lost her as a girlfriend, she never was tho. She ran out of the lab today, probably to meet him. I'm almost dead. I hope Ana calls me and tells it was something else. Tomorrow she'll come in saree, Traditionals!! Drawathy!! I guess that'll change that guys heart and they'll be committed again but He should look at her heart more than her prettiness. Part of me wish to go college tomorrow just to see her and part of me is afraid of what feelings it'll play within me and afraid of confirming that they're committed again.

23 - WHY GODSSSS i just dreamed about drawathy. She ate outside in the open with her people. I ate inside with mine. Both the places had a big dining set. We Played all day, there was spring jump and a lot more and now I went outside to her. I think I kneeled and kept my chin on her body and looked up at her. We were so in love. I could feel all the love even though the dream coming at me, so serene. Her face was really clear, not a dizzy dream. I Touched her stomach and rubbed it, The touch too I felt it, asking is this enough darling, are you full? she replied I'll eat more, we were in love but Somehow I knew... Before we could start a beautiful life together, she died in my hands. She slept so peaceful, I was so close with her. I laid her down, Why did I not die with her. What is half life, and let her rest in peace. OH MY GIRL, OH MY DRAWATHY, what HAVE I DONE, WHAT DID WE DO TO DESERVE THIS, LET ME BE IN PAIN, I HATE ME 
I tried to cry yesterday, I tried to cry today morning, I cried a little bit but the sadness just won't come out. Even If I want to accept that she's gone, My body, mind and soul is not letting me accept it. I loved her that much, this is somehow comforting me, I'll wait for you. Even if it takes forever. 

We sat together, I ate lunch with her. We shared spoons, we shared lunch, Part of my dream played out, I asked her if that was enough of food and she said I'll eat more. I said you should eat more cause you're growing up. It was a good time together, I cared for her just like I've always wanted. After lunch it was cps, I sat near her. After that it was EVS, we slept together, she slept in the before bench and I slept behind. She called me when she went out and we both went out together. I brought her maaza, we both drank, but she hesitated to get it from me. I didn't mind it then but now I'm thinking I should've let her buy it, if it's not comfortable for her. But then again, I want to show my love, so ig what I did was right. We saw Ana and Joel, we went and sat near them. It felt a little good, seeing Joel and Ana as a couple and me and drawathy behind, kinda like a couple. But there was a badaga boy and she was interested in speaking to him, I thought it's because she sees him as a potential bf and not me but kill me for thinking this way. Drawathy is so kind towards everyone, she's just a little uncomfortable around me because of all this love tension between us. Somehow we spoke about badaga marriage, and she told us all that if she marries someone of different religion, their family will be banished from the village and they won't be invited to any festivals. It really broke me. Ana noticed me and scolded me not to make this face. Atleast yesterday I had a chance, then it felt like all hope was lost, I will not ask her to come away from her family and she loves her parents a lot. So, she definitely won't.
One remaining hope is that she said it's different religion, if she meant what she said then I'm golden. We're the same religion. But if she meant badaga, then one last hope remains. I'll truly confess to her, and I'll tell her how much I really love her. I'll tell how ready I am to leave behind everything for her. When Ana asked her if a boy truly loves you and is ready to leave everything behind for you, will you accept him. She said let's see then. I anchor all my hope upon that. Gods Help me please, Murugaaa. I'm thinking of fasting.

(12th September 2024) 24 - She said no. She told me she doesn't see me that way, and even if she did, there are badaga problems. She told me there's nothing that I can do. She said she just started talking to me and that she didn't know me much from 1st and 2nd sem. so It's over then. Goodbye. This is my last entry.

ig there's still some chance in the future maybe, but it's a sliver. 

it's not over yet. It never is.

25 - I couldn't speak with her that much. She offered me chocolate, refused it kindly, didn't feel like eating it. Nissi called me to go with her, cause drawathy was near too but I didn't go. I don't know what I'm doing, I feel like I'm maintaining a distance so she can feel my worth, that's what lotta people told me to do but I hate all this. I am not doing it for that, I just want some time to think and heal for myself. although I do think the first thing is necessary for life. Without pain there is no happiness, there's only this sensation of numbness through life. I will be her friend. Jony told me that she's just using me, since I'm a topper and she said she doesn't like me, he said she'll use me for next 2 years and then just leave me. This really hurts me, Drawathy is not like that, I know it. She is kind and most importantly she won't misuse me because she had been misused in life before a lot of times. Those who know the pain are sheltered from it and from causing it. Tharun, ranji, and me played awesome roleplays today. We talked about how in next life I'll be born as a girl and drawathy as a boy and how I'll let him wander behind me. Lol, I won't do that tho, it was all justa fun talk, but it was really funn. Hope? right now, I don't really know. She went on a Coonoor trip and no one called me. I've always wanted to go out to cold places with her and now I missed an awesome opportunity. Missed all those memories I could've had with her. Why didn't anyone call me? I'm not angry at anyone but It does hurt a little... alr.. a lot
I can't cry today too. I've locked up all those feelings inside somewhere and am afraid to go anywhere near it. I'm scared that it'll completely break me like before, maybe more now, and I'll have to spend lot of energy to comeback hanging. It's scary to start over again. Even if she likes me, Badaga issues are pegging me but I feel like I can solve it. I'll talk to the whole village, individually convince people hopefully, that'll be more effective and doable for me. But she should start to like me first but Something in me tells that wont happen unless the badaga issue is solved. It's a cyclical mess. I hope somehow somewhere something tips.

26 - ahhh why did I propose. It'll take months to clear off this steam between us. That day in IOT we had chemistry, we were looking really good together, things clicked for the first time and... for the last time till date. Right now I have no idea how to get to that stage. It feels like we've fallen apart real far, it might take sometime to get to back together, it's just difficult and for a guy who doesn't talk much... if someone else comes in between I'll lose her to him. I just texted her a good morning message, I hope she won't think like I'm disturbing her.
whoa, did I.. I told the gods that if she's going to be in pain with the other guy then take my relationship that I could've had with her as a sacrifice. I gave up something that I valued the most, more than my life to get her in safety.. It hurts now thinking it this way. I asked sharon yesterday why did the gods show me the love of my life just so they can take it away, and the answer to it is I told them to do so and totally forgot about it. And I complained it to them asking for a reason. I am very very sorry gods, How ungrateful and small minded I am, I don't know how I can be forgiven. or maybe I just don't deserve it

She texted back but I'm not getting any good morning replies. I am making myself calm and am trying to be peaceful, I have to get back in being myself, how I was before. Right now I am broken and I can't help another. I can't help HER. I think I lost Rahul, sanjai, Deepak, yuvaraj as friends because I supported sharon and safik in fight. 

She told me that she didn't go to coonoor actually, she went home. Hm ok so she lied, I'm fine with that actually, I would've cut my classes and went home if there was a chance like this. But she didn't tell anything to me too and I gave her physical, that's what really hurts, even when I wished her have a happy coonoor trip she just said ok and nothing else. It alright I guess, I don't know what problems she's facing, looking things through different light tells a lot things I didn't know existed. Right now I'm just overthinking and assuming, two bad stuff for a relationship. I'll be patient and calm. I'll just continue to love.

27- Now I get it. I understand what I've done. I've tortured her is what happened. I could've been close to her, but I destroysed it by confessing too early. Now I've very much hurt her. I'll just be there for her, let her take time. These wounds will take time and space to heal. Whatever happened is happened. I'll just continue to truly love her.  

So I nearly took the decision, Just need a few days to see how to holds up without emotions. I am going to see her as a friend. I need to be her friend first. I might ask her out in the end but time will tell. We are really friends for now. I've started imagining her that way too. I've got some problems on my end too just like how she got in her end, like badaga marriage and stuff. So being friends feels like the best option for us now. I will keep my distance, I won't take advantage and I won't think of myself as her soon gonna be boyfriend. I'll just think of her as a friend, nothing else. I might not take detailed notes her after that's cause I've never taken anything for friendship, but I'll come back every few days to update. Lots of loves!♥️

28 - I am really happy today, I started off with thinking I'll see drawathy as a friend and now I'm so hopeful she'll be my girlfriend one day. I really like these two hari Annas from my bus, one hari Anna have 3 years love life experience and the other has a "friend crush" They told me a lot of things. I'll keep trying for her no matter what. And now I've got a movie to watch!! Vinnai thandi vaaruvaya and varnamayam.

29 [17 sept] - I'm not sure of anything anymore. I'm afraid to get into love again. I haven't been thinking about my parents at all, sharon reminded me. It feels romantic to tell I'll leave everything for you drawathy but that is so very selfish. From when did I become like this. If I'm in a situation where my friends need me and my drawathy needs me too, I'll definitely go for her. I'm really ashamed to accept all this. What happened to the goodness in me, did I kill it? What happened to keeping a living memory of drawathy in me, I used to think she lives through me, she's all the goodness and kindness in me but what happened to all that now.. I remember reading it somewhere that our true character reveals when we're at our hardest and lowest points. Past few weeks I have been at my lowest points, and this is how I've been... I once wanted to live the most righteousness and noble life but lots of things have changed inside of me. My morals and the things I stand for have started to change little by little. It's scaring me. I comb my hair now and I look at the mirror often to check my appearance, my reasons for that is I want to look good infront of her, this is exactly what I used to hate. I don't know if making myself presentable before her is a good or a bad thing. First impressions and looking presentable matters, that's what everyone says and what I detest. I think imma just leave all this to them I don't want to impress anyone, I'll let my work speak for itself in interviews and my character speak for itself before her. I still need to comb my hair tho because I like growing long hair, people say if you don't comb we will start losing it as we age I don't want to lost my messy hair. About drawathy, I'm still trying, struggling, to look at her as my friend. But I have to, there's no other way. And funny enough, there's some peace in accepting that she's just a friend. I can be myself, no need to try to talk all the time, and something else I don't know is comforting me. But then I could lose her, She might get committed with someone else if I don't put efforts to be with her now. I'm doing fine only because she's single, If she's again with someone else I might break down real bad. How can I let go? She's the best, If she could just see me the same we, we'll make a perfect life. I don't know how life is going to play with me, I can't wish for anything. I think I'll just let it take me where it wants, there's only so much I can do, This hurts fuck. There are lots of things outside my control. and don't forget how I messed up perfectly. We could've really had the best chemistry, I could've shown her, if I didn't propose. Things could've really hit off. I want to make it right. I want to be her boyfriend, but right now for that to happen, I have to box all these feelings and keep it somewhere. It can't meddle with me looking her as justa friend right now. That's the only way I see. I have to bring things back to normal somehow. Not a clue until today evening, right now my plan is to teach her and make her comfortable around me. I shall do this for somedays and see how she responds. I will not do anything deceptive, or get help or advice from anyone. If I want to get her I'll show her my true self and I'll do it in my own way.
I'm starting to realise true peace, no scheming or planning on what I'm going to do or talk tomorrow. I'll just stay still, me and my pain in this dark room, It hurts a lot and that's because I loved her a lot. Im finding comfort there. Let tomorrow bring what it wills

30 - I'm having the worst nightmares in my life. I just dreamed my phone getting hacked. This feels like a different life. In here, I was close with drawathy but still messed up everything. We're not even in talking terms but we got real close. Someone hacked my phone and said "as if you're phone is a big thing, that's not the only thing we'll see, we'll see everything. " and they replayed drawathy's private voice messages again and again. One of the voice I heard was her's I think, It said "Give me a kiss" The phone keeps playing things even after switching it off. I woke up in a terror thinking to call my mom, but she doesn't know anything about any of this, so I just imagine calling her. I was half awoken, I keep thinking how terribly I could've messed up to have gotten there in that life, I wanted to wake up from it and thank god I did

My mood swings are the worst, she showed me hi today in the DSA class, I returned it but I was trying to think of her as my friend. I'm failing for her every time tho. It's not easy to accept that this princess will not come into my life. My love is greater than all the problems that exist, I'll keep trying for her. I was happy for the first few periods. After lunch I asked nissi if drawathy told you about what happened. She said yes. I left it at that. After sometime I asked what should I do with drawathy. Nissi replied "I can't say anything" This is what really upset me, I have no idea what that meant. If she told me that she can't share the personal things drawathy shared with her, I'm fine with it, I don't expect her to, it's bad. But it really upset me, i imagined that everything was over, I lost hope for the first time and I was so close to crying. I wanted to run away somewhere alone and just think about her and cry. I couldn't do that, All I did was sleep and hold back those feelings. EVS period came and I thought me, Nissi, and drawathy could hang out but drawathy ran away again. I did have a wonderful talk with nissi. She shared her life stories, I'm grateful for the trust she has on me, I feel like I met of another good friend. I poured out my heart a little too, Nissi asked why I liked drawathy, I always wanted to tell this to someone and nissi asked it, so I told her everything. It was therapeutic, I feel a little calm now. I hope one day Drawathy will see me back the way I see her now, I wait until then.

31 - I bunked the first class, Sharon and safik was going to nss and drawathy and other girls were editing the physical attendance sheet to add their names in. Drawathy saw that I'd be alone and called me to join them. I hesitated a little, since it's all girls gang, but they're my friends too and I don't wanna get caught, Parents will be really disappointed in me. But it was HER and If I could spend a atleast some good quality time with her, I'd definitely risk it. I bunked math, and roamed with the girls, But I couldn't speak properly with her. She was in insta reels and I was sitting there... watching a crow eat something nearby. Truly magnificent thing to do while she was near me. I think the fault is with me, I had great chances to talk with her, people would die for a chance like this with their girlfriend and I didn't use it. Even now as I write she's just a desk away, but I don't know what to talk. I'm not that talkative, how am I supposed to get her then. Other people talk good, if they take care of her good too then maybe she'll fall for them. When I think about myself, I feel how messed up I am in the boyfriend category. I want to be with her, Something in me tells what I'm doing is just right. I have a good pic of mine, I even changed my insta pfp to that pic, I wanted to balance life, seeing that it's so unjust like this, I used that as my pfp. but I took it out, my reasons are not right, I'm using that to spark love in her, I don't want her to fall for me cause of the looks, I want it to happen for my heart and character. 

32 - I am really lost. I can't cry, I don't want to cry, I'm not ready to move on. Just me loving her and she not loving me back is killing me. I am going crazy, Paavam allen he's going through the same stuff, so is Danish. I wish these guys to have had their crush accept them, I wish the same for me, What a life it would've been. I hope something changes for some of us. I hope it does for them first. Oh drawathy, What am I supposed to do, why can't you just see me. I am ready to leave everything behind for you and you still don't want me? What do you hate in me so much that you can't even see me that way. Oh girl, why................... all I ask is a chance, just one chance. I am scared someone else will come and take you away from me. I think I won't move on drawathy. Even tho life is that way, everyone will force me to move on that way, I'll still stand stubbornly for you. Maybe one day, for all this effort I put, I will get something back. Maybe even a spark of love out of sympathy? I am probably spoiling my life, I don't care, I'll take care of you forever. Let me die that way, and let the gods see how much I loved you. I swore an oath on the river Styx that I'll be there for you when you need me, So I shall.
I didn't even see her properly today. Didn't talk with her properly today. I don't know how to approach her, It'll take me long time to get used to her and I guess it'll be the same for her. It'll be painfully long.
Jony just tried to convince me, I really love him for giving me this much advice. He's a true friend. I'm hurt and am going numb. I can't maintain distance from her just cause she won't live with me. I'll help her, I'll be with her and I'll take care of her. I will stand by that promise. but I should really understand that she's isn't my girl, she never was and I don't think she'll ever be. Her bond with Sabari is great or she'll marry some badaga guy, my story will be a sad ending, just like many others. Jony says some girl will come for me, someday. I'm scared I'll lose her too, That I won't see her true love and All I'll see is drawathy in her stead. 
I'm also very ashamed that I just accepted somethings against my promise and faith. I had faith that I'll be with her, I don't know if I should hold onto it or not. I don't know what's the right thing to do here. Gods guide me through it, let me do things right by her.

33 - I am very hopeful today. All thanks to Joel, Dude is very mature, this is what I've been thinking about. He'll make a great boyfriend cause of it, but I'm still like a kid I don't know what I'm doing, I'll go with the flows of life and learn the lessons. I'm going to be myself in front of her, I'm going to let go of the fear that's holding me back, i was afraid that someone else will take her away from me. But I'm messing up everything because of this. Somethings I can't change, If she's meant for someone else, I can't change that, but I don't know who's she's meant for, I'll keep trying just cause of that uncertainty, It could be that she's really is my soulmate. Time will tell, But I definitely won't get a good chance if I keep on fearing. I'll let go, I'll be myself. Thanks for showing that to me Joel. 
I am changing, and this change finally feels good. It might be temporary but I want it to be permanent. Right now complementary to this change Drawathy is asking for my help again, It means she too is getting back to normal. I'll be her friend, truly. No seeing her as a girlfriend. I'll keep learning baduga as my personal interest, not gonna lie, the words are like honey to my ears for some reason. Probably it's because She uttered them once. I'll also get back my happy life and academics would once again flow smoothly. Things are looking great! I was a little scared before in the afternoon actually. One of drawathy's roommate heard me talking about drawathy, I was kinda talking loud, using her name, to jackson. I hope this isn't bad, people share things with their friends, I was sharing what happened till then to jackson. I was afraid she might go to hostel and tell something bad like remember that guy you were playing odd or even with that day, yeah him, he was talking about you to someone, Boyss so lame. 😂 lol idk but I was scared to the heavens that evening 
FUN FACT: THIS IS THE 33RD DAY!!!!!!

34 [22 September 2024]
She finally accepted my friend request in Instagram. I don't know If I should keep that profile picture. I hate that I'm overthinking nowadays. I'll just keep it if it's needed for my creative career or I'll just leave it at it. I don't really care. Wished her roommate friend happy birthday but even in this I was overthinking a lot, I don't open anyone's status, just her's. I probably would've wished it if some of my close friends had birthday wishes of their friends, I don't know actually. I want to go back to not thinking about what everyone will think, all the time. There was a bliss in that ignorance, I want it back in my life

35 
She texted me in Instagram. "Adhitya??" and then a "hru?" I think she was just confirming it's me. But Right now I'm thinking maybe she was sad and wanted someone to ask what's on her mind. It's late night now, if I text her asking "are you sad?" I don't think it'll be right. I am concerned for her but I'm also scared to try, ig I'm scared things will get awkward between us again. I can't push on her a lot, If I do I might lose the friendship, I have to give her space to get comfortable around me and time to heal. I'll figure it out someway to be close with her. I am also trying to see her as a friend. Living a life like this where only I love her and she doesn't love me back, it stings.

why do nice people chose the wrong ones to date? 
They accept the love they think they deserve 
can we show them that they deserve more?
we can try.. Sometimes I hate instagram, but sometimes for being reminded of things like this, it feels like I'll miss out on a lot if I didn't use social media. I think she's in pain but asking about it will only make things weird for her. Over caring can get weird for her but I want to not let anything hurt her. I guess sometimes I have to accept that she needs to face somethings alone. If I hadn't proposed she would've been very close to me, but what's happened is happened and what happened was all my mistake, not nissi's or Ana's or Sharon's or anyone's. It was my decision, I couldn't wait patiently, couldn't carry all the weight any longer and paid the price of this distance between me and her for letting it go. I should've been stronger. I want to know her inside out, She accepted my insta friend request, I guess she sees my just like how I see allen. Best friend with respect. I'll have to talk to her about her breakup, need to know how she's been doing. She'd probably have talked about it to everyone, and her friends would've soothed her. But I just wanna know either way. I get these frequent scares thinking she'll get committed again with him, but I'll have to let her go then. Probably not let her go, I'll maintain my distance and wait for her. If she's happy, then I'm happy. Nothing else matters ig. If she's happy with him and that's how she wants to spend her life, I'll help her..

not a care in the world. Heart stings with its pain. Learning for exams during this time is very hard. Today Ana and Joel was learning together. What an awesome relationship they've formed. I wish that with drawathy. I wish more. Am I greedy for wishing this much? I don't even know how she's holding up. She might be in pain and I'm not taking care of her. I'm not there for her when she needs me, so I guess I've broken the sacred promise. I don't know if I should act or leave her be. I'll take it slow.
Good night drawathy, sweet dreams. Just please for sometime handle things alone, then I'll come for you. we'll be together, I truly believe that.

36 - I just saw her once, after the exams. She was focused on me for a few seconds but then she didn't even look at me that much. I was happy to see her. in the evening when I am teaching DSA to nissi and ana, they both were kept getting distracted, It was alright for me but ig nissi thought I was starting to get annoyed and asked if I've ever got angry. I don't remember when was the last time I did. Either that's good or it's really bad, I'm not sure. She then said "Drawathy is so lucky". Oh for a second, just for a second I forgot the real life and imagined it to be true, Me and her in a relationship and nissi saying this. Godsssss hear me please, I want to be with her... I know what I've asked of you... I am sorry. How should I prove myself, to her? I want to be with her 😭
I shared a lot today with Franz in the bus. He's a great guy. 
Right now, I am broken again. Tomorrow is DSA and math exam. People are depending on me to teach them and I have no idea, I have to learn first but I can't I just want to curl in my bed and just leave everything. Just think about her and fall asleep. I want to be with her. I don't know what she's doing now, I can't chat normal, she's getting uncomfortable I guess. I want to know how She's doing. 
Life can't be this way for every right. People say this too shall pass, But it already feels like an eternity. Please Gods let me be with her.

37 - it's 1:11 now. I texted her before. I'm actually happy how things are going. It's going good and slow. She got fed up with me, for the second time that I know of. Not sure how many other times she got fed up with me. She said "Adae pooya", that way she used to say all the time. Ok she only said it once before but still, it's so sweet when she scolds meeeeeee😌🫠
This is building our friendship and trust. Or maybe losing all the hope I've got. I'm learning to understand her a bit more than yesterday. Process is painfully slow but we'll get there. One day, here, I'll write that she accepted me.

Why is my life like this. I am really sorry. I am overthinking. I am tormenting myself a lot. Idk what happened to self love and taking care of myself. Right now, I honestly feel like death would be kindness. Just disappearing from everyone and no one remembers me and just die somewhere, just do it and not think further. not think about her. I am scared someone bad will come into her life and spoil her life. I am scared she'll never look at me the same way I look at her. Right now all I'm feeling is fear, not love. Why have things become like this. If I hadn't proposed that day, things could've been different. No use in thinking about the past. I have to maintain some distance or there won't be a me to love, I should heal. I have to talk with allen about my girl's iot project tomo. Theirs isn't working so I have to see if I could borrow someone's from another department. I saw this logu guy in college. He's got style, I think she likes that. Assuming things like this, what she likes and why is really not right. I don't want to think like this. But everytime I see him, I can't help but think, maybe if I was like that not caring about morals and just living a life the way I see fit. Not caring about any thing at all. Maybe she'll speak to me better? She was speaking good to me at the start but I messed things up. I am lost. I am in pain, I have changed a lot and I don't know how to be happy again. it feels like she's now the source of everything about my life. Happiness.. sadness.. she doesn't know how much I miss her now. lg,  She's probably listening to some song with a broken heart and thinking about sabari. ahhh Why did I love you drawathy? I couldn't support you at your lowest times and I am far away. I can't talk with you properly unless you're open to me, that'll take a long time or it might never happen. Until then, I'll have to cope with life being this way. How else can I show that my love is true? Sticking until the end is definitely going to ruin me if she never accepts me, I am scared of that. I messed up my exams, I didn't learn properly. My concentration is at an all time low. I couldn't write anything in the paper, All I could think of was her. Even now. I am sorry dad, mom. I am trying. You guys love me so much and have given me all the freedom. This is something I couldn't control, it just happened. I am sorry for being this way. Please, Let everyone forget who I was and.. I can't leave that way, I need to take care of my girl, my family.

38 - Yesterday she texted me asking for my help. The way she said things, I started to think she was using me. I couldn't accept it, drawathy will never do something like that. I wish I could just turn off my head during these times. Why can't I just love unconditionally, I have all this love and I want to pour it out to her. It is killing me from the inside out. Everyone is saying that she's just using me, that she's just talking with me because she thinks it might hurt me if she's just asking for help and not talking back. Maybe that Baduga issue is what not letting her see me as boyfriend. I want to be with her, but I don't know if my presence is hurting her. I want to talk about this to her one day, She can't be uncomfortable around me. I should kill my love if I truly love her then. Is she not my girl then? Hypocritic true love, why do you want to hurt me. Burn in hell. Get lost. I hate this life. I hate everything. I can't cry. I can't laugh. I can't be normal. She can't be with me. How delusional I am, How messed up I am. How do I move on? Everyone says me to, Why drawathy, just please come to me. If gods are true, please let this happen. I'll become religious again. I want to love, not anyone, I want to love HER. 
I will maintain my distance. I don't know how to move on from something like this. 

I am sorry.. for saying terrible things like that. It doesn't make me feel any better. I guess I am far too broken to be pieced again? Maybe something will fix me up. Or some repeated bad things will forever break me. There's a good chance that I am an unlucky soul. It doesn't matter if you want to live your life good, better and righteousness than all the people you see around you. Life will treat you the same way it treats everyone. After desperation comes losing faith in everything. Is this how my inner child gets destroyed? I promised I'll take care of him. I promised I'll take care of her's, all in the process of losing both. 


hmm, irony. 

I can't be talking shit about life, it doesn't care. I don't know if it does, I can't give up. I don't want to. I still have some energy left, I'll move on. If I lose her to someone, She'll always live in me. That sweet angel will be my goodness, my righteousness, my kindness every good aspects of me, that'll be how I preserve her through me. If I get hurt for the next 2 years, I did promise I'll lay down my life for her. that's mercy. This is slow death.

she once told me she couldn't refuse to take some printout for sabari because he said please. That's her trigger word, she couldn't refuse. When she said "ennakaga" do it. That's my trigger word, how can she do that? She very well knows I love her, and she knows I can't refuse it if she says like that. I guess even in the end, somehow the ones we thought would kill us, did.

Iot project 