## Reconnaissance
- always validate your target IP, the company may screw up and give you the wrong iP address and you could end up hacking someone you don't have permission to hack.
	use,
	- Google fu
		- The best there is. 
		- site:tesla.com -www 
		- -exclusion removes those subdomains
		- filetype:docx
	- Social media
		find badges for physical hacking 
	- OWASP amass
		really great.
	- crt.sh
		gives all the domains that has certificate registered.
	- sublist3r
		great tool, recommended than theHarvester.
	- whatweb
		shows us what the website is build with and works great in giving back version numbers.
	- wappalyzer (addon for firefox)
		this shows you what the website is build with
	- builtwith.com
		this too shows you what the website is built with.
	- hunter.io
		can be used to get the employee data in the company, their email, their roles, etc.
	- theHarvester 
		works sometimes. gives us emails and stuffs.
	- WHOIS
	- nslookup
	- dnsrecon
## Scanning and Enumeration
### arp-scan and netdiscover
```sh
#to get the ip address of all the devices connected in the network
sudo arp-scan -l
sudo netdiscover
```
### nmap
```sh
nmap -sS ip_addr #Nmap stealthy scan
```
The sequence of handshake is like **SYN SYNACK RST**. Since, RST is given instead of the usual ACK signal, this scan is supposed to be stealthy. But in reality it's not really that stealthy.

```sh
nmap -T4 -p- -A ip_addr
nmap -p ports ip_addr
```
 - T4: We're telling nmap to scan at the 4th level (1 - 5, 1 being the slowest and most accurate detection and 5 is the fastest). 
-  -p-: it says all the ports. -p 443, 80 can be used to manually scan these ports. Not using this option will let Nmap scan the top 1000 ports.
 - -A: It means give all possibly detected data. It is equivalent to using 
	  -sV (enables version scanning), -sC (enables the usage of scripts), -O (enables OS detection)

```sh
nmap -sU ip_addr (UDP scan)
```
Scans only the top 1000 ports by default as UDP will take a long time to finish scanning.

### nikto
```sh
#scans for web vulnerabilites
nikto -h http://192.168.29.135
```

### metasploit
```sh
#launches metasploit
msfconsole

#to search
search name

#to know about it
info
info -d

#to use the selected scipt
use /path/

#to view the options
options

#to set values for an option
set field_name value

#to run
run

## Metasploit has a scanner too. search for syn port scanner
```
### making a ssh connection
```sh
sh ip_addr -oKexAlgorithms=+some_alg -c some_cipher
```

### searchsploit
```sh
searchsploit "string" #searches the available exploits, has linked to exploitdb, ig.
```
### masscan (can give the ports as it's detecting em, unlike nmap1)
```sh
masscan -p1-65535 ip
masscan -p1-65535 --rate 1000 ip
```
## Gaining Access
### bind shell vs reverse shell
- bind shell is used when the target listens and the attacker connects to a port on the victim machine.
	- useful when there's a firewall blocking outgoing connections to that ip address
	- we connect to the victim
- reverse shell is used when the victim's machine makes the connection and the attacker just listens
	- victim connects to us.
### payload
- its what we run as an exploit intending to get a shell on their machine.
#### non-staged payload
- sends the payload all at once
- larger in size
- doesn't work lot of times
- ex: windows/meterpreter_reverse_tcp
#### staged payload
- sends in stages
- could be less stable
- ex: windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp
## Maintaining Access
## Covering Tracks


